{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red24\green24\blue24;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are a level one security operations center (SOC) analyst at a financial services company. You have received an alert about a suspicious file being downloaded on an employee's computer.\'a0\
\
You investigate this alert and discover that the employee received an email containing an attachment. The attachment was a password-protected spreadsheet file. The spreadsheet's password was provided in the email. \
\
The employee downloaded the file, then entered the password to open the file. When the employee opened the file, a malicious payload was then executed on their computer. \
\
You retrieve the malicious file and create a SHA256 hash of the file. You might recall from a previous course that a hash function is an algorithm that produces a code that can't be decrypted. Hashing is a cryptographic method used to uniquely identify malware, acting as the file's unique fingerprint.\'a0\
Now that you have the file hash, you will use VirusTotal to uncover additional IoCs that are associated with the file.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 SHA256 file hash: 54e6ea47eb04634d3e87fd7787e2136ccfbcc80ade34f246a12cf93bab527f6b\
Here is a timeline of the events leading up to this alert:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1:11 p.m.: An employee receives an email containing a file attachment.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1:13 p.m.: The employee successfully downloads and opens the file.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1:15 p.m.: Multiple unauthorized executable files are created on the employee's computer.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1:20 p.m.: An intrusion detection system detects the executable files and sends out an alert to the SOC.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Go to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.virustotal.com/"}}{\fldrslt \
\ul VirusTotal website\cb1 \ulnone \
\
}}. Click SEARCH, enter the SHA256 file hash in the search box, and press enter\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Indicators of compromise are valuable sources of information for security professionals because they are used to identify malicious activity. You can choose to identify any three of the six types of IoCs found in the Pyramid of Pain: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Hash value: Hashes convert information into a unique value that can't be decrypted. Hashes are often used as unique references to files involved in an intrusion. In this activity, you used a SHA256 hash as the artifact for this investigation. Find another hash that's used to identify this malware and enter it beside the Hash values section in the Pyramid of Pain template.\'a0You can use the Details tab to help you identify other hashes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 IP address: Find an IP address that this malware contacted and enter it beside the IP addresses section in the Pyramid of Pain template. You can locate IP addresses in the Relations tab under the Contacted IP addresses section or in the Behavior tab under the IP Traffic section.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Domain name: Find a domain name that this malware contacted and enter it beside the Domain names section in the Pyramid of Pain template. You can find domain name information under the Relations tab. You might encounter benign domain names. Use the Detections column to identify domain names that have been reported as malicious.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Network artifact/host artifact: Malware can create network-related or host-related artifacts on an infected system. Find a network-related or host-related artifact that this malware created and enter it beside the Network/host artifacts section in the Pyramid of Pain template. You can find this information from the sandbox reports under the Behavior tab or from the Relations tab.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Tools: Attackers can use tools to achieve their goal. Try to find out if this malware has used any tool. Then, enter it beside the Tools section in the Pyramid of Pain template.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs): TTPs describe the behavior of an attacker. Using the sandbox reports from the Behavior tab, find the list of tactics and techniques used by this malware as identified by MITRE ATT&CK\'ae and enter it beside the TTPs section in the Pyramid of Pain template.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf6 \
}